# CBDPortfolio

[Current Public page](https://cbdportfoliomain.gatsbyjs.io/)

A portfolio web wite for a Ph.D. Researcher to communicate their work and experience.  Built using GatsbyJS with markdown files holding the content.

- ## Basic Organization

  - ### Main Nav Bar

    - The portfolio is built around a Value Chain representated as Navigation Bar.  The content for each Value Chain item is controled by markdown files that begin with SRVC in the `/src/markdown-pages/` folder.  On small screens the Value Chain condenses down to abbreviated Value Chain names.  New value chain members would need their own markdown plus to be added to the vclayout component.

  - ### Secondary Nav Bar

    - A secondary navbar exist in the header and contains Bio, Publications, and Students. On small screens this becomes a hamburger menu.

    - #### Bio

        - Content for Bio is controled by bio markdown file in the `/src/markdown-pages/` folder.  

    - #### Publication

        - Content for Publications is a csv file CBD_citations in `/src/data/` folder, it was built from google scholar using the Library export feature.

    - #### Students

        - Content for Students is generated by markdown files that begin with STU in the `/src/markdown-pages/` folder.

## Tools and plugins used
* gatsby: ^3.9.1
* gatsby-plugin-gatsby-cloud: ^2.10.0
* gatsby-plugin-image: ^1.10.1
* gatsby-plugin-manifest: ^3.10.0
* gatsby-plugin-react-helmet: ^4.10.0
* gatsby-plugin-sharp: ^3.10.2
* gatsby-plugin-sitemap: ^4.6.0
* gatsby-source-filesystem: ^3.10.0
* gatsby-transformer-csv: ^3.13.0
* gatsby-transformer-remark: ^4.7.0
* gatsby-transformer-sharp: ^3.10.0
* react: ^17.0.1
* react-dom: ^17.0.1
* react-helmet: ^6.1.0
